welcome to another smart home product
overview today we are taking a look at
the V Star cam Wireless HD IP security
camera here is what is included in the
packaging one V Star cam Wireless HD IP
security camera one antenna which
attaches to the back of the camera one
AC power adapter one Ethernet cable one
clear plastic mounting plate which
attaches to the bottom of the unit and
one manual and one set of mounting
hardware to be used with the included
mounting plate there are four drywall
anchors and four screws seeing a camera
on a house these days is a pretty common
sight there are already plenty of IP
cameras available so what sets this one
apart from the rest let's take a closer
look to begin the size of this camera is
fairly small especially when compared to
cameras of similar design as you can see
here the unit fits comfortably within
the palm of my hand it's also pretty
lightweight so mounting it in and around
your property with the included hardware
should be pretty easy this camera has
many features so let's begin with the
biggest one of them all this IP camera
features full 720p HD video rather than
a 640 by 480 resolution like most other
IP cameras the V Star cam features a
1280 by 720 resolution which allows for
clearer video capture here's an example
of some video taken from the smart home
office in addition to video capture
there is also the ability to capture
screen shots as well here's an example
of a screen shot taken from the smart
home office another important feature
comes with the 12 integrated infrared
LEDs this allows for night vision and
when enabled can capture images in 0.8
Lux while also in full color at a range
of up to 10 meters or roughly 33 feet a
unique feature of this camera is its
ability to also function as a two-way
radio this is something that is usually
not included with most IP cameras but
this one in particular has it not only
can you hear the person being viewed but
you can also speak to them as well it's
a pretty great feature for adding more
security to your property and as ideal
for use when it's placed by a gate or
door you also have full control of
position in the camera to your preferred
viewing angle it can pan to a maximum of
350 degrees and tilt to a maximum of 120
degrees there are also five pan and tilt
presets which can be individually
selected now let's take a look at the
back of the unit here we have many ways
to expand this camera's capabilities
first off there is an Ethernet port
which can be used if you prefer to wire
the camera to your home's network
next to that is a reset button you'll
need to use a paperclip
or toothpick to press the button up top
here is where to connect the wireless
antenna this IP camera supports Wireless
BG and even end protocols below that are
two audio ports there is a 3.5
millimeter microphone in port next to
that is a 3.5 millimeter audio out port
below the audio ports is a micro SD card
slot this camera supports up to a
maximum of a 32 gigabyte micro SD card
it is sold separate so make sure you
have one available if more storage is
something you need to the left is the AC
adapter port this is where you make your
connection for power and next to that is
an available alarm input/output trigger
used for expanding the camera into an
alarm system now let's move on to the
software aspect of this camera for this
video we will be using a smartphone for
viewing but the camera can also be
viewed on a desktop or laptop computer
the v-star Wireless HD IP security
camera works on both Google Android and
Apple iOS phones the available app has
some pretty extensive features so I will
not be covering all of them rather just
the basics
adding the camera to your wireless
network is incredibly easy and should
only take a few seconds to a few minutes
you'll need to wire the camera to your
home's network first before you can get
it to work on the wireless network once
you have finished the first initial step
download the app for your smartphone
start it up and add the camera here you
can add a customized name and the UID
and password can be found on the label
located on the bottom of the camera type
them in and select ok to connect the
camera to your wireless network it
should only take a few seconds for the
camera to connect to the wireless
network and once done you can fully
access all the different features
selecting this arrow button gives you
access to settings and alarm log as well
as access to videos and images which are
stored locally on your smartphone or
computer depending on which device you
are using for viewing to begin viewing
the camera simply select it and the
Apple enter interviewing mode viewing
the camera through the app is very
intuitive simply swipe up down left or
right to pan or tilt the camera in
whatever direction you would like there
will be a slight delay when using the
wireless camera and less of a delay if
it's directly wired in viewing mode
you'll have access to the microphone and
speaker as well as have the ability to
take screenshots record video rotate the
screen and adjust video quality finally
the app allows you to view up to a
maximum of four cameras at once by
pressing the four window icon located at
the top right of the app this allows you
to avoid having to select one camera at
a time the desktop version of
software allows up to 81 cameras to be
viewed at once if you're looking for an
affordable camera that outclasses many
others within the same category then
look no further than this v-star cam
Wireless HD IP security camera it has an
incredible array of features which
includes 720p HD video a built in to a
radio night vision and more in addition
it's extremely simple to set up and view
with the easy to use app and it offers
additional security to your property for
more information including all the
technical specifications visit smart
home comm and search for product number
7 5 7 7 0 thanks for watching and be
sure to subscribe for more smart home
product overviews